Add Client to map plugin Documentation

Plugin Objective:
	The main objective of this plugin is to convert business client data(usually client address) into micro format(hcard) and store it into database and show their address with the marker on the google map. When click on the any map marker it will show the client data.

Functions provided by the Plugin
	A user can add client area map and the shortcode of this map will be its 'id' and it will be used as shortcode [countymap id = Your_map_id]
	This shortcode can be placed at any page or widget area and then that page or widget area will display the clients area map.
	Markers will be displayed on the serviced clients addresses.
		
	A user can add clients to the map from two ways by selecting "clients map" option:
		1.	A user can add clients manually by filling form fields .
		2. 	A user can also add client data by importing excel file with .xlsx extension. In excel file their must be four rows .
	A user can see all the client maps that he/she has been added in the system. For this purpose he/she have to select the "view main maps" option and list of all the client maps will be display there. User can select any of these to watch. 
	From the list user can also edit/delete any of the client data from that particular map.
	A user can also view all clients of a particular area map.

We use phpSpreadsheet functions and classes to read data from the excel format file.
For this purpose we also include a composer.json file to load phpSpreadsheet classes into our plugin in an order to use its methods.

The format of the excel file should be like:
There must be four columns in xlsx file
1st row has the columns heading in the same order as:
Street	City	State	Zipcode

and then client data should be placed in the corresponding columns.


The Microformat is already in standard address format. So, we don't need to format it as address1 address2.
Client address table dispaly in admin area is changed according to the required format.
State name appeared in the microformat is coming form the database from the table of mainmap in which client is added.
So users don't need to add state name in the excel file because the state name of corresponding map in which clients will be added is fetched from the database table name 'maingooglemap'. 